fix: send query languages strings in request body payload (#2807)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/silent-words-divide.md

---
"@redocly/respect-core": patch
---

> Stopped evaluating query-language strings (JSONPath, XPath, SPARQL, OPA) in Respect request bodies as runtime expressions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where query-language strings (JSONPath, XPath, SPARQL, OPA) in Respect request bodies were incorrectly treated as runtime expressions.
```
